===GETSUMMARY data: {"prompt":"<|im_start|>system\nSummarise the provided transcript of an interview with the title: \"Arthur Dent interviewed by Barry York\". The summary should never be more than 200 words in length, but if you can adequately summarise the significant content using fewer words, you should do so. Base the summary only on the provided text. Do not provide a preamble or a postscript. Do not start the summary with \"Summary:\" or any other text. Do not end the summary with a word count or any other text. Just summarise the content without any further commentary. The summary should not merely replicate the content of the interviews. Please ensure the summary is accurate and is written using precise, clear and simple language.e<|im_end|>\n<|im_start|>user\n<text> This is an interview with Arthur Dent. Previously known as Albert Langer. He'll be speaking with me, Barry York, for the Oral History and Folklore Collection at the National Library of Australia. On behalf of the Director-General of the National Library, thank you very much for being part of this Arthur. Do you understand that the Library owns copyright in the interview material and that access to this interview will only be given in accordance with the instructions you give us in the rights agreement? Yes I do and also understand that I've got a non-exclusive licence to authorise anybody to do whatever I like with materials as well. Yep good. We hope that you will speak as frankly as possible knowing that the interview material will not be released without your authority. This interview is taking place today, 27 September 2012 in Melbourne. Can we begin at the beginning with when and where were you born Arthur? Well people often ask people that, they ask for their date of birth and it's the one thing nobody knows. I was very young at the time but I'm told it was 26 January 1949 and I've got a certificate saying it was I think in St Mary's Hospital in London. And did you grow up in London? I was there till about till the age of ten and moved to Australia when I was ten. So you went to school there? Yeah I went to school. At one stage went to Frensham Heights which was a bit of a progressive school based on Summer Hill type things but not very and I remember vaguely remember that. And can you tell me about your parents, you know, their occupations and their educational backgrounds. Neither of them was tertiary educated. My father was a furrier, made fur court coats. My mother was nominally had a trade as a milliner as a hat maker. I don't think she ever did it. She was a gold digger and married a rich guy Norman Smorgon after they were divorced when I was about five, so from the age of five, I can't recall anything much below the age of five. And I only knew my father as sort of on regular weekly outings. And I had a, knew my stepfather Norman Smorgon for a short while 'cause he died not long after they married. And then I had a stepfather I Australia, John Goddard, who I knew from when I was about ten till he died when I was an adult. What were your parents names? Izzy Langer and Michelle Goddard but I always think of her as Goddard, which she would have been Michelle Langer. I think she was born Klinger, I'm not sure. Yeah I'm pretty sure the family name was Klinger although the other [indecipherable]. I'm wondering whether you grew up with political and religious specific influences in your childhood? Well not religious as such but I was definitely Jewish cared at Melbourne high in my teens I regarded myself as being part of the kids at the school. Had a group of, you know, two close friends and another circle of friends, we were all Jewish sort of thing, so there would be no question about being Jewish. I was definitely an atheist when I was twelve years old 'cause I remember giving about whether I was agnostic or an atheist and deciding I was an atheist in time to have to have an orthodox bar mitzvah because went to the liberal Sunday School classes for bar mitzvah and they gave me a certificate that I knew it all and I wasn't religious so that I couldn't have a liberal bar mitzvah but the orthodox don't care whether you're religious or not. And politically I can't recall, I think I was interested in politics when I was thirteen but I was also interested in amateur radio. I was a shortwave listener but I was definitely completely involved in politics by the time I was fourteen. I joined the I was secretary of Youth Against Apartheid and I joined the Young Labor Association. I was on the state executive of the Young Labor Association when I was fourteen and I got expelled from the ALP when I was fifteen for being under sixteen although it was part of a gangster factional dispute. So I've been fully political since I was fourteen and I certificate would have been interested in politics since I was thirteen. Was there any influence from any of your family? Not especially I think probably from my stepbrother a bit. He was involved in the Democratic Socialists at Melbourne Uni and we did talk about things but I don't I mean I ended up having communist politics whereas his was moderate social democrat. And we, you know, had no contact with him later on. I would say the circles I move, I would say it was part of my that you just assume you're on the broad left in the sense if you're Jewish you're liberal, you're anti-racist. It wasn't the same attitude as there is now with the sort of strong right-wing Zionist domination. So I would have seen it as, it wouldn't have been seen as unnatural for young Jewish boy supports the Labor Party, gets involved in anti-Apartheid type things. It was and the Jedwub side of the family included some progressive people who had cont6acts with the communist Party and things but I don't think I actually specifically got politics from them. It just wasn't unnatural to be interested in parties. Anything, any family history before we move on, going back further that you'd like to put on record that was significant? Not really I saw my when I was my father had a heart attack in about 1975 I think or '76 and I went and visited him in London. And he said he was, you know, proud that I was political and so on so that was pleasant but I only had contact with him, you know, from the age of five to ten just going on outings. So I didn't particularly get it from him but that was an indication. My mother wasn't political at all. She was a member of the Women's Zionist Group and so on and the usual sort of views but she didn't have any political, anything progressive about her politics. Arthur I might just re-position this a bit so that it's sort of facing... And I'd say John Goddard definitely was interested in discussing politics. We'd have arguments about Stalin over dinner every week. I was still visiting home for a Friday night dinners together with Kerry when I was at Monash and we just had this continuous running argument so he was sort of interested in politics and he would regard himself as being progressive liberal sort of thing but, you know, strong virulently anti-Stalinist and anti-Communist. When would that have been roughly? I was still seeing him regularly when we were at Monash. But I was thinking further back in the family history, is there anything of significance? I've got an idea that my father was, you know, was involved in left politics but not deeply. He mentioned that he'd got arrested once and it sounded as though that had cured him of it rather than that he was particularly involved. Were there brothers and sisters? I've mentioned my stepbrother. I had an elder brother who committed suicide about the first year I went to university and he was about 10 years older than me so I didn't really have much influence from him and I've already mentioned their stepbrother.</text> <|im_end|>\n<|im_start|>assistant\n","max_tokens":480,"stream":false,"temperature":0}
===GETSUMMARY response choices[0].text: Arthur Dent, born on 26 January 1949 in London, moved to Australia with his mother at age ten. His father was a furrier and his mother, a milliner, later married Norman Smorgon, who died shortly after. Dent had a stepfather in Australia, John Goddard, who was politically active. Dent identified as Jewish and atheist from a young age. He became politically involved at thirteen, joining Youth Against Apartheid and the Young Labor Association at fourteen. He was expelled from the ALP at fifteen for being underage. Dent attributes his political leanings to his environment and Jewish identity, seeing it as natural to be left-leaning. He had limited contact with his father and stepfather's political views influenced him. Dent's elder brother committed suicide during his first year at university.  

